Trainizi is an online service from iZi World Pte. Ltd. (hereinafter “Trainizi”, “we”, “us”, or “Provider"). These Terms of Service govern your use of the Trainizi software and any additional services offered by or available from Trainizi (“Services”). Please read these Terms of Service carefully.

1. Acceptance to our Terms and Conditions
Trainizi invites all users to carefully read the terms and conditions of use of its site, which are referenced by a hyperlink on each page of the site, before using Trainizi services. Do not use the Trainizi services if you do not accept the Terms.

If you are a participant, your entering of a unique room code or starting a content published on Trainizi indicates your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the Terms. If you are a trainer, you indicate your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the Terms by ticking off the appropriate box shown before signing up for the Trainizi services.

Trainizi.com reserves the right to modify these terms and conditions at all times, the user marking his general acceptance to the revised terms and conditions by using the Trainizi.com website. You are responsible for checking these terms periodically for changes. If you continue to use the Services after we post changes to these Terms of Service, you are signifying your acceptance of the new terms. When such a change is made, we will update the “Last Updated” date at the end of this document.

2. General Terms
You are responsible for the security of your account.
You are prohibited from sharing your account access with another person. If we discover any of such unauthorized activities, your account will be terminated immediately.

You confirm that all the information you submit to the Trainizi site is accurate and legal.

You may not use our sites for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct, acceptable content and other mandatorily applicable legal regulations.

You are solely responsible for your conduct and any personal information and other data you display on our sites.

On electronic devices having an operating system and Internet access, the Trainizi services can be used. Wi-fi or an internet connection appropriate for the number of attendees is essential for the efficient and seamless operation of Trainizi services. You might not be able to fully utilize Trainizi's services without an adequate data connection. If the Organizer does not offer sufficient data communication coverage, Trainizi cannot be held liable for malfunctions.

The content of the Trainizi.com site, on one hand, is delivered to the user for general information purposes about the Trainizi.com services, and on the other hand, for the constant improvement of the software developed by Trainizi.com.

The content of this site can only be used within the framework of the services offered on this site and for personal use by the user.

Trainizi.com reserves the right to deny access to or terminate the access of a user to these services in case of violation of the present terms and conditions.

Changes to Trainizi
We may discontinue or change any service or feature provided at Trainizi.com at any time.

Your Content (User Content)
Trainizi’s license to User Content

User Content is available to you only, kept with limited visibility and only used by Trainizi for the purposes of providing the Services. We will keep all data which you submit to the Services, including any User Content, secure and only process your data for the purpose of providing the Trainizi Services to you.

You hereby grant Trainizi a worldwide, non-exclusive, limited term license to access, use, process, and display User Content only as reasonably necessary: (a) to provide, maintain and updated the Services; (b) to prevent or address service, security, support or technical issues; (c) as required by law; and (d) as expressly permitted by you.

You understand that we may modify, adapt, or create derivative works from Your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks, devices, service providers, and in various media. We also may remove or refuse to publish Your Content, in whole or part, at any time.

You further give us the permission and authority to act as your nonexclusive agent to take enforcement action against any unauthorized use by third parties of any of Your Content outside of the iZi Platform or in violation of our Terms of Service.

Your responsibility for User Content

You promise that with respect to any User Content you post on iZi: (1) you have all rights necessary to upload such User Content to the Trainizi Service and to grant the above license to iZi, and (2) such User Content, or its use by Trainizi does not violate the Agreement, applicable law, or the intellectual property (including without limitation copyright), publicity, personality, or other rights of others.

You are solely responsible for all User Content that you publish on Trainizi. Trainizi does not endorse the correctness of the User Content or any opinion contained in any User Content.

Monitoring of User Content

Unless agreed differently in a separate agreement with us, Trainizi may review, monitor, edit or remove User Content in our sole discretion, but is under no obligation to do so. In all cases, Trainizi reserves the right to remove or disable access to any User Content that breaches the Agreement. Removal or disabling of access to User Content shall be at our sole discretion.

Public User Content

Some of the functionality may permit You to make User Content available to the public via the Services. If You choose, in your sole and absolute discretion, to make User Content available to the general public by actively adjusting the visibility settings in the Trainizi Services, thereby turning such content into Public User Content, You hereby grant to Trainizi a perpetual (or, for as long as permitted under applicable law), non-exclusive, sub-licensable, transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable, fully paid, universal license to commercialize, use, reproduce, make available to the public (e.g., perform or display), publish, translate, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute your Public User Content (including the user name of the User having generated the Public User Content) through any medium, whether alone or in combination with other content or materials, in any manner and by any means, method or technology, whether now known or hereafter created. Aside from the rights specifically granted herein, You retain ownership of all rights, including intellectual property rights, in the Public User Content.

5. Data Sharing
To use the Services, you must be at least 16 years old. It is not allowed to create accounts using "bots" or other automated processes. To complete the registration process, you must supply your full legal name, a working email address, and any other information we may ask for. You alone may use your login information. Your login information cannot be shared with anyone else. It is your responsibility to keep your password and account secure. Trainizi disclaims all duty and responsibility for any harm or damage resulting from your breach of this security obligation. All content that is posted and activity that takes place under your account are your responsibility. One person or legal entity may NOT maintain more than one free account.

The user commits to using this site in accordance with all applicable laws, regulations, and contractual obligations. The user is not permitted to use this website in any way that could be detrimental to Trainizi.com, its clients, or its contractors. The user is specifically prohibited from using the website for any illicit or illegal activities that would be against morality or public order (such as viewing violent, pornographic, racist, xenophobic, or defamatory information).

You must not use the Trainizi services in any way that could hurt the Provider or any other person or entity, interfere with their proper functioning, or be in violation of any laws. You must also not attempt to use the Trainizi services in any way that could harm them.

You must not modify, adapt or hack our sites or modify another website so it falsely implies that it is associated with our sites.

While using the Trainizi services you undertake not to submit any information or other content that would:

infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property right of any person;

be false, misleading, libelous, slanderous, abusive, obscene, hateful, threatening, harassing, or sexually-explicit;

infringe any person’s right to privacy or publicity;

contain advertising or a solicitation of any kind;

impersonate any other person or entity;

degrade others on the basis of gender, national origin, race, class, ethnicity, religion, orientation, identity or disability;

contain material intended to intimidate or to incite violence;

upload or otherwise transmit any communication, software, or material that contains a virus or is otherwise harmful to the Provider or the Provider’s customers.

You must not violate any laws in your jurisdiction while using the Trainizi services.

A breach of any of the above mentioned obligations is considered a fundamental breach of contract and the Provider will be entitled to unilaterally terminate the provision of its services with immediate effect and cancel and erase all the information and accounts of the person committing such a breach.

While our services prohibit such conduct and content on our sites, you understand that the Provider cannot be responsible for the content posted on our sites and you, nonetheless, may be exposed to such materials and that you use our sites and services at your own risk.

Guarantees and Liability Disclaimer
The usage of the Trainizi.com website is entirely the user's responsibility. The user does so at their own initiative and risk if they choose to download any material or access it in any other way via the usage of the services. Any harm to the user's computer system or any data loss arising from the download of such material will be the user's sole responsibility. Trainizi.com's services are made available "as is" and "as available". The availability, timeliness, security, and error-free operation of the services, the accuracy and reliability of the results acquired by using the services, and the correction of any potential software bugs are not guarantees made by Trainizi.com.

Trainizi.com will make every attempt to post accurate information on the website, to the best of our knowledge. However, Trainizi.com does not guarantee that the information is appropriate, accurate, or comprehensive, nor does it guarantee that the site will always be current and updated. There may be content errors, technical errors, or typographical errors in the material on this site, including the prices and charges. This information is offered as a guide only and will be updated from time to time.

Trainizi.com disclaims any liability for any messages, hyperlinks, information, photos, videos, or other materials contributed by users while using the site's services.

The content of Trainizi.com's website might not always be under strict supervision. The user shall notify Trainizi.com if the content appears to be illicit, illegal, contrary to public order or morality (e.g., violent, pornographic, racist or xenophobic, defamatory, etc.). Without being held liable for failing to delete or choosing to keep any content, Trainizi.com has the right to make any changes or remove any content that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be criminal, illegal, or inimical to public order or decency.

The site of Trainizi.com may contain hypertext links to other sites. These links are provided to the user on an indicative basis only. Trainizi.com does not control such websites nor the information contained in them. Trainizi.com can hence not warrant the quality and/or exhaustiveness of this information.

Regardless of whether this liability is based on a contract, an offense or a technical offense, or whether it is or is not a liability without fault, Trainizi.com cannot be held liable for direct or indirect damages, nor for any other damage of any kind resulting from the use or the inability to use the site for any reason. This exclusion applies even if Trainizi.com has been informed of the possibility of such damages. In no manner is Trainizi.com responsible for the actions of internet users.

Additional terms
By using Trainizi, you give us and others permission to compile searches for statistical analysis and use them in conjunction with the Site, the Services, and other aspects of our business. The fact that Trainizi gives you the option to affix a licensing agreement to your collection of links without rendering legal services itself precludes the formation of an attorney-client relationship. The license agreement is provided "as is" together with all pertinent data.

Regarding the licensing agreement and the information given, Trainizi provides no guarantees of any kind and disclaims all responsibility for damages, including without limitation any general damages, special damages, incidental damages, or consequential damages resulting from their usage. Trainizi expressly disclaims all liability for how or under what conditions other parties access or utilize public content, and it is not obligated to block or otherwise restrict such access. You have the option to request that Trainizi delete your personal data from the Site and the Services. This power does not apply to copies that we may have produced for backup purposes or copies that others may have made.

License to use Trainizi
The following terms and conditions govern your use of the Trainizi Services. This is a license agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Trainizi.com (“Trainizi”). By accessing the Trainizi Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and accept the following terms and conditions. In the event you do not agree and do not want to be bound by these terms and conditions, destroy your passcode and cease all further use of the Trainizi Services.

License Grant

Trainizi grants to you (either to you individually or the company for whom you work) a non-exclusive license to access one copy of the Trainizi Services solely for your own personal or business purposes on a computer during the period of time or session where you interact with the Trainizi Services (whether by means of a laptop computer, standard computer or a workstation attached to a multi-user network (a “Computer”). We consider the Trainizi Services in use on the Computer you are then currently using when the Trainizi Services are loaded into that Computer’s temporary memory or “RAM” and when you interact with, upload, revise or input information onto Trainizi’s servers by means of the Trainizi Services. Trainizi reserves all rights not expressly granted herein.

Ownership

Trainizi or its licensors are the owners of all rights, titles, and interests, including copyright, in and to the Trainizi Services. Copyright to the individual programs available through www.Trainizi.com (the “Software”), which in turn are used to deliver the Trainizi Services to you, are either owned by Trainizi or its licensors. Ownership of the Software and all proprietary rights relating thereto remain with Trainizi and its licensors.

Restrictions on Use and Transfer

You may use only that copy of the Trainizi Services associated with your name and email address.

You may not:

Rent or lease the Trainizi Services.

Transfer Trainizi Services.

Copy or reproduce the Trainizi Services through a LAN or other network systems or through any computer subscriber system or computer network bulletin-board system.

Modify, adapt, or create derivative works based on the Trainizi Services; or reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Trainizi Services.

Disclaimer of Warranties
We provide Trainizi “as is” and “as available.” We make no express warranties or guarantees about Trainizi. We make no claims of time-to-load, service up-time or quality. To the extent permitted by law, we and our licensors disclaim implied warranties that Trainizi and all software, content and services distributed through Trainizi are merchantable, of satisfactory quality, accurate, timely, fit for a particular purpose or need, or non-infringing. We do not guarantee that Trainizi will meet your requirements, is error-free, reliable, without interruption or available at all times. We do not guarantee that the results that may be obtained from the use of Trainizi, including any support services, will be effective, reliable, accurate or meet your requirements. We do not guarantee that you will be able to access or use Trainizi (either directly or through third-party networks) at times or locations of your choosing. No oral or written information or advice given by a Trainizi representative shall create a warranty. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws that this contract cannot change depending upon the jurisdiction in which the Software is utilised.

Limitation of Liability 
We shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages arising from your use of, inability to use, or reliance upon Trainizi. These exclusions apply to any claims for lost profits, lost data, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any other commercial damages or losses, even if we knew or should have known of the possibility of such damages. Because some provinces, states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such provinces, states or jurisdictions, our liability, and the liability of our parent and suppliers, shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.

 Indemnification
Upon a request by us, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us and our parent and other affiliated companies, and our respective employees, contractors, officers, directors, and agents from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney’s fees that arise from your use or misuse of Trainizi. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting any available defences.

Payments 
You must have a working bank account or a valid credit card in order to pay for our services. These Terms of Service are not a contract for the payment of fees or the setting of rate caps or effective dates for these services.

The Services are billed upfront on a basis of billing periods. Unless Trainizi specifically decides otherwise upon the particular requests of the user, there will be no refunds or credits for partial billing periods of service, upgrades or downgrades, or refunds for unused billing periods.

All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment of all such taxes, levies, or duties, excluding only VAT when a valid number is provided.

For any upgrade or downgrade in plan level, you will automatically be charged the new rate on your next billing cycle.

Downgrading your Service may cause the loss of content, features, or capacity of your account. Trainizi does not accept any liability for such loss.

You can cancel your subscription anytime when you have logged on to your account. If you cancel the Services before the end of your current paid up billing period, your cancellation will take effect immediately and you will not be charged again.

Unless otherwise specified, prices for any Service are subject to change; however, existing plans will continue to be honored until the beginning of the subsequent billing cycle. By contacting you with the contact details you've given us, we may provide you notice of price changes.

Trainizi will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modifications, price changes, or suspension or discontinuation of the Site or Services.

No questions asked, you can end your auto-renewing subscription to Trainizi at any time before the end of the current paying cycle. "Cancel anytime" means you can stop your subscription's auto-renewal whenever you wish, and if you do so at least one hour before your renewal date, you shall not be charged for billing periods that come after that one. Your subscription will automatically renew if you don't cancel at least one hour before the renewal date, in which case we will charge your account using the payment method we have on file for you. Keep in mind that none of the One-Time plans automatically renew.

Trainizi do not see, process or keep your credit card information. All payment details are handled by our payment providers, including Stripe, Inc. (Stripe’s Privacy Policy) and …

Case Studies 
Customers give Trainizi permission to utilize their case studies as a marketing and promotional tool for other businesses, the media, and other third parties. Only the name of the Company, the design of the Platform, and the overall statistics (rate of use, satisfaction rate, etc.) are permitted to be disclosed. Data pertaining to the presentations' content and any other material that was expressly designated as secret cannot ever be made public. In exchange, the client is permitted to use these Case studies (which contain the same data) for internal or external marketing purposes.

Interllectual Property Rights 
The intellectual property rights of Trainizi.com are used to protect all of the materials that can be accessed on this website, as well as the compilation and construction of those elements (texts, pictures, images, icons, videos, software, databases, data, etc.).

The content that is available on this website, which Trainizi.com service users have posted, as well as the compilation and construction of that content (texts, pictures, images, icons, videos, software, databases, data, etc.), may be covered by these users' intellectual property rights.

On this website, you can see the names and logos of Trainizi.com, which are trade brands or registered trademarks. The Trainizi.com trademarks may not be used in connection with any products or services other than those provided by Trainizi.com, nor in any way that would cause confusion among customers, damage Trainizi.com's reputation, or both.

Without Trainizi.com's prior written consent, the user is under no circumstances permitted to copy, reproduce, represent, modify, transmit, publish, adapt, distribute, spread, sublicense, transfer, sell in any form or media, or otherwise exploit all or any portion of this website.

Users own the content that they submit or publish on this website. Users grant Trainizi.com a free, non-exclusive, worldwide, transferable right to use, copy, change, aggregate, distribute, publish, and process any content they provide through this website, including copyrighted material.

Privacy Policy (protection of person data) 
Use of this site may result in the collection and processing of personal data by Trainizi.com. We, therefore, invite you to read our privacy statement.

Dispute Settlement, Competence & Applicable Law 
Singaporean law governs the current terms of use. A dispute resolution process will be used between the parties to resolve any disputes resulting from or connected to this service. The dispute will be brought before Singaporean courts if the dispute resolution process fails. If it seems necessary, Trainizi.com maintains the right to send a case to a different court with adequate authority.

Termination 
Your right to use Trainizi automatically terminates at the end of the term of our agreement and earlier if you violate these Terms of Service in connection with your use of Trainizi. In the case that you violate these Terms of Service, we retain the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or a portion of Trainizi with or without prior notice.

Trainizi reserves the right to deny any and all current or future use of the Services, or any other Trainizi service, for any reason at any time and at its sole discretion. Your account will be inactivated or deleted along with your access to it, and all of the contents inside will be forfeited in the event that the Services are terminated. Trainizi retains the right to at any moment and for any reason deny anyone access to its services.

If you are a subscriber to one or more Services that are terminated, limited, or restricted, your account or access will be deleted or deactivated as a result of the termination of the Services.

Change to the Agreements 
We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time without prior notice. You understand and agree that it is your duty to frequently examine the Terms so that you are aware of any updates. If there are significant changes to the Terms, we will give you at least 30 days' notice via a notice that is available through your use of the Services or by sending an email to the address associated with your account. Therefore, please ensure that you thoroughly read any such warning. Your continued use of the Services following any such modifications will signify your acceptance of the new Terms. You can end the Agreement by deleting your user account if you do not want to use the Service in accordance with the updated version of the Terms.